extend readme and describe how to read tests (#6)
owncloud/cdperf: README.md

$ ./scripts/cdperf --cloud-docker-host=ssh://user@your-host --cloud-vendor=ocis --k6-test-host=https://your-host:9200
```

## How to test
It's important to know how to compare the tests against each other and what those numbers mean.

**Please note the following points:**
* Only compare clouds if they run on the same host

> * Try to run the cloud on a different host then k6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Try to run the cloud on a different host than the k6 test-runner
```

* Try to keep traffic on the hosts as low as possible while testing
* Don't compare clouds that run in docker against non dockerized clouds
* Docker for macs is slow on file operations compared to linux

> * Sometimes it's possible that one of the clouds will fail on some operations. Keep in mind that it's not possible to compared a test with failures against a test where all checks are green

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sometimes it's possible that one of the clouds will fail on some operations. Keep in mind that it's not valid to compare a test with failures against a test where all checks are green
```

**Test setup at ownCloud:**

At ownCloud we currently test two times a day on different servers. Server (A) is intel based and server (B) amd based.

> The first test run, runs the tests on A which is testing on B and then B which is testing on A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first test run, runs the tests on A which is testing a server on B and then B which is testing on A.
```

> We collect those metrics over time to get indicators how the performance changes over time (version to version) and how the clouds perform in comparison to each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We collect those metrics over time to get indicators of how the performance changes over time (version to version) and how the clouds perform in comparison to each other.
```

**How to read the test results**

> Let's use 'test-issue-github-ocis-1018-propfind-flat.js' as example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's use 'test-issue-github-ocis-1018-propfind-flat.js' as an example.
```

* Total time of execution

>     * This is the time how long the test took for all users and iterations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This is the total elapsed time of the test for all users and iterations
```

* status

>     * Red || Green is a quick overview how many requests are failed or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Red || Green is a quick overview of how many requests failed or not
```
